docs: enable AWS STS (#5101)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/cluster-management/backup-restore/add-backup-location-dynamic.md

### Prerequisites

> - If you are using a self-hosted Palette or Vertex instance, you have configured an AWS account at the instance-level to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are using a self-hosted Palette or Vertex instance, you must configure an AWS account at the instance-level to
```

Use the following steps to add an S3 bucket as the backup location using the STS authentication method when you have
multiple cloud accounts.

### Prerequisites

> - If you are using a self-hosted Palette or Vertex instance, you have configured an AWS account at the instance-level to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are using a self-hosted Palette or Vertex instance, you must configure an AWS account at the instance-level to
```
